Fix broken docstring link in availability.py #1158 (#1313)
collective/icalendar: CHANGES.rst

- Added recognition of NLnet Foundation for its funding and Open Collective for donations to the documentation footer. :issue:`1214`
- Documented ``vText`` properties according to :rfc:`5545#section-3.3.11`. :issue:`742`
- Convert docstrings in :mod:`icalendar.caselessdict` to Google Style format with ``Parameters``, ``Returns``, ``Raises``, and ``Example`` sections as appropriate. :issue:`1072`

> - Fix broken docstring link in `cal/availability.py`. :issue:`1158`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix broken docstring link in :file:`cal/availability.py`. :issue:`1158`
```

Thanks! RST would use two ticks or the file directive.

> - Fix broken docstring link in :file:`cal/availability.py`. :issue:`1158`

Reviewer 2: Let's go all in with the links!

```suggestion
- Fix broken docstring for :meth:`~icalendar.cal.component.Component.add_component` link in :attr:`~icalendar.cal.availability.Availability.available`. :issue:`1158`
```
